docs: Add a demo gif, quick start and roadmap to README (#369)
openclarity/vmclarity: README.md

The VMClarity project is focused on unifying detection and management of VM security threats in an agentless manner.

> # Quick start

Reviewer: I want to leave this comment higher up, but github won't let me. There is a spelling mistake in the existing README text in the first sentence of "Why VMClarity":

"hypescalers" should be "hyperscalers"

## Install VMClarity

### AWS

1. Start the CloudFormation [wizard](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/create/review?stackName=VMClarity&templateURL=https://s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/vmclarity-v0.4.0/VmClarity.cfn), or upload the [latest](https://github.com/openclarity/vmclarity/releases/latest) CloudFormation template 
2. Specify the SSH key to be used to connect to VMClarity under 'KeyName'
3. Once deployed, copy VmClarity SSH Address from the "Outputs" tab

For a detailed installation guide, please see [AWS](installation/aws/README.md).

## Access VMClarity UI
1. Open an SSH tunnel to VMClarity server
    ```

>     ssh -N -L 8888:localhost:8888 -i  "<Path to the SSH key specified in 1.1.i>" ubuntu@<VmClarity SSH Address specified in 1.1.ii>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ssh -N -L 8888:localhost:8888 -i  "<Path to the SSH key specified during install>" ubuntu@<VmClarity SSH Address copied during install>
```

The VMClarity project is focused on unifying detection and management of VM security threats in an agentless manner.

# Demo
<img src="./img/vmclarity_demo.gif" alt="VMClarity demo" />

# Quick start

> 1. Deploy the VMClarity AWS CloudFormation [stack](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/create/review?stackName=VMClarity&templateURL=https://s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/vmclarity-v0.4.0/VmClarity.cfn).

Reviewer: I went pretty out of my way to avoid putting version numbers in the README, if we go this route we'll need to add to the release process a step to update the README link with the release version prior to cutting the tag. Otherwise the README for the tagged version will be out of sync with the tag that has been cut.

I would much rather upload this stack to AWS, and generate this link into the release notes for a specific tag, so then you go to releases and each release has a "Deploy to AWS" and "Deploy to Azure" button. We can provide a link from the readme to `https://github.com/openclarity/vmclarity/releases/latest` in order to point people directly to the latest release.

Also which account/person owns the S3 bucket and process for uploading this?

  documentation and resources to make it easier for users to get started.

- **Improve the accuracy of VMClarity**: Another goal is to enhance the
  accuracy across all supported types of threat detection by improving the
  analysis and result merging logic performed by VMClarity to reduce false
  positives. This involves researching and developing improved algorithms and
  heuristics used by VMClarity.

- **Expand VMClarity's functionality**: A third goal is to expand the
  functionality of VMClarity by adding additional tools to each family, adding
  additional families of threats to detect, and integrating with other security
  tools to provide a more comprehensive security solution.

- **Foster a community around VMClarity**: VMClarity will only be successful if
  we foster a community of users and developers around the project. The health
  of VMClarity depends on organizing events, creating a forum for users to drive
  requirements and use cases, and contributing to open-source projects related to
  VMClarity. Building a strong community around VMClarity will help it be more
  widely adopted and more effective at detecting and managing virtual machine
  threats.

> 

Reviewer: Looking at the rendered version of the README I think we should flip Goal and Roadmap, so its Goals first and then Roadmap. It tells a better story this way, first you tell the high level goals, and then you say and this is how we intend to get there.
